The Joe Rogan experience. Have you been micro-dosing.
At all a little bit every now and then I want to do some right now. I've never.
Done it. Wow. You know, I'm the CCO of a company that does a microdosing.
Company, if it's all super illegal. Well, no. So.
What it is is a, it's a company called red light Holland. Okay. And,
uh, it's the truffle, the truffle. So it's the top.
The mushroom cap is the illegal part. What that's stem,
which is the truffle is not a illegal, they're going to jail. Okay. Listen,
we're in the process.
We're in the process of getting it all legalized and done the right way.
And it'll be available in, in the Netherlands first
microdosing. And uh,
and then eventually we're hoping it goes the way with marijuana.
I think it can, right now everything's in flux. Everything's all up right now.
And particularly in California.
Pell wanted me to do mushrooms with him. He said, you gotta do mushrooms. I go,
I've never done it. Cause he got to do with me and John Mayer. I'm like, oh
yeah. I go, John starts singing. Yeah. I agree. You guys,
you're both professionals at this. I'm not,
I don't want to be the guy crying in the corner. Are you nervous about it? Yeah.
I don't know what it does, but.
There's still a little do a little in your fun. Yeah. Yeah. You build it.
You just try it out. You do a little, should I be alone?
When I do the first time, you should do it with a friend who knows how to? Yeah.
I would say just to take one cap to something light,
you'll feel good. The mushrooms want you to like them.
And so the first time you do it, they're going to welcome you.
They're going to be like, oh man, this is what you should be doing.
I'm going to straighten out all your personal problems.
All these little weird personality ticks that you got all this strange,
the trouble you keep getting yourself into do to.
Help you. The machine's going to talk to you. We'll help you.
And then one day they're going to trick you into taking a large dose and then
you're gonna meet the aliens. And you're gonna realize that this,
this dimension that we live in is it's
connected to neighboring dimensions that are accessible through certain
psychedelics. And then once you see that you can never unsee it.
You can, it's regular life loses its seriousness.
It loses like 20% of its seriousness. It's still serious, still regular life.
But 20% of it goes away forever because you know that that's
possible.
You know that these other worlds exist and that other people are just out there
running through their entire life from birth to death.
And they never experienced those worlds. And it's, that's,
that's weird because like you're running around.
Like I run into people because people know that I've done a lot of psychedelic
drugs. So I'll run into people that know and they've done it too.
And they look at you and they'll, they'll talk to you like, Hey man, you know,
I did this because of you, like a buddy of mine said that to me the other day,
you gave me the courage to try this psychedelic drug. And I was like, oh,
what was it like? And he's like, did he take, he took DMT. And he was like, um.
That's a little bit more advanced. I would imagine.
When this guy's a, he's a bad and Navy seal,
but never had an experience like that. Then what was his experience with it?
Well, I mean, I would have to talk to them more in depth, but what,
when everybody does it, you,
what you get when they're describing it is just sort of like trying to use
words to describe something where there's no references.
It's not the words don't work. You're like,
you could kind of tell me what it was like, and I could kind of go here. Okay.
I kind of see that because I've done it. But if I D if I hadn't done it,
there's no way I've known. I have nothing. There's no.
Like somebody trying to explain their dream to you. Well, that's,
what's similar.
In this stuff. DMT is actually indogenous,
it's it exists in the human body and they believe that it comes out in your
dreams.
They believe that when you're dreaming your body's releasing some of that stuff,
they don't, they don't totally understand it. Right.
It's one of those weird things where they,
they really only found out that mammals created in the pineal
gland within the last few years, the Cottonwood research foundation,
which is a connected to a Rick Strassman who wrote that book, a DMT,
the spirit molecule. He ran a bunch of FDA approved. I think,
I believe the only FDA approved, uh,
tests on DMT where they shot it into people in, um,
a clinical setting. How did you consume it? I was freebasing it.
You freebase it.
Really? Yeah. Like a fiend. Yeah.
Like a fiend. It's like a glass bowl connected to like a tube.
And you light the bottom of the bowl. The DMT sits inside the biz. The,
it looks like a white powder. I go white, almost yellowish white powder,
depending on which one you take, the five methoxy DMT is white.
And then the other stuff was more like white with like a little bit of yellow to
it. And you take, it tastes like burnt plastic. It tastes terrible.
And you take a big, deep breath. You want to take like three big inhales.
The first time I did it only took one. And I just got to the door.
I got like to the door of the DMT dementia. And I was like, what is this?
This is weird. It was really weird, but I didn't even know what weird was.
Cause like 20 minutes later I did a second one. And the second one,
I took way more.
I took like three big hits and then it was almost like you're in a Slingshot or
catapult. It was like,
you could feel the tension like to drink and all of a sudden
shot through these colors and lights into like,
what felt like some new place.
What is your physical doing during all of this laying there? Laying there? Yeah.
One time recently, I did it like the last time I did,
it was a couple of years ago. I opened my eyes in the middle of it.
It was very strange. It's like, I can almost see reality,
but it was all real pixelated. And it was like,
I was life through like dirty saran wrap or something.
It was all very strange. And then I closed my eyes back and I went into the,
the, the experience of the psychedelic realm is more vivid than regular life,
which is real strange. Cause it doesn't feel like you're on a drug.
Cause you're still you. That's another part of it.
It doesn't change your like when you're drunk,
it changes the way you think like you think different.
This is not that this is like, you think the same way,
but you're being confronted with something that's insanely alien,
just alien to everything that you know, to be true.
And then there's all these things around you that seem to be alive and they seem
to be talking to you and communicating you the last time I did it,
it was a bunch of jokers that were giving me the finger, like gestures,
gestures with like, you know, they have the little bells,
they were all like shaking and give me the finger and like spinning around me
going, you. They were mocking me. And the,
the thing that I got from it was like, oh, I take myself too seriously.
I need to be mocked. And they were mocking me. And as they were mocking me,
I relaxed. And then they, they like pointed at me.
Like, ah, you got it, you get it. You get.
It. Cause you can, you know, you can get lost. You can take yourself seriously.
And you want others to take you. So like, what is the grossest kind of man?
Like the kind of man who wants everyone to tremble. When he walks into a room,
once, you know, rose pedals thrown at his feet, he wants everyone to call him,
sir. And be uncomfortable. Everyone would be uncomfortable because he's a man.
Yeah. You know, and that kind of guy responds very poorly to being mocked.
Right. So I think that it was like letting me know, like, Hey,
you got a little of that in you. You need to get that out of your system.
Especially as a person who's a professional mocker.
I'm a macro things.
Are we are stand up.
Mockers there's a lot to be Mo how long does it last for 15 minutes. That's it?
Yes. And what about the micro dosing? That's it?
Well, this V this video that you plan, that's kinda, it's kinda like that,
but way more intense.
In our experience called Iowasca that you can all have exactly what works.
I haven't tried it a different time. Well.
It is a no. Um,
see the thing about Iowasca is it lasts longer because it's orally. You,
you see that that's probably more similar and you can get there on a
Iowasca and DMT. It's the same thing. It's dimethyltryptamine, it's just,
when you're taking it with Iowasca, your body is processing it, uh,
orally, and you take it with, uh, something called an Mao inhibitor.
Mao inhibitor. Mio is a monoamine oxidase that's produced by your gut.
And it processes a DMT naturally that exists in
plants. So like, there's a lot of plants that have DMT in it.
And if you just like, if you were eating grass,
like some sort of [inaudible] grass or something like that,
it's really rich and DMT. So if you were eating, you would get high off,
you would get high as fun, but monoamine oxidase that's produced by your gut.
It breaks that stuff down. So it's not orally active. So if you ate,
if you took some DMT that you would freebase and just ate it,
it wouldn't do anything to you because your gut would break it down.
But then if you took it with an Mao inhibitor, um,
preferably the kind of plant-based Mao inhibitor that they use in Iowasca
because they know like th those Mao inhibitors that people take,
like sometimes people take them as a medication. Those can be dangerous.
They're they're much more, much more potent.
And there's all sorts of weird side effects. I've heard of people taking, um,
pharmaceutical, Mao inhibitors,
and then they take mushrooms or something else with them.
And they really could them up like real bad. Cause.
They're, cross-pollinating, they're drug use all.
Kinds of wacky to your brain.
That your brain is probably not really you're red lining your brain.
Your brain may stay together or you might go shine on you.
Crazy diamond, go on and go off the deep end. Yeah.